Use LaTeX!


Get your story right

Whats the problem? motivation
What's the key idea (solution/approach)?
What's the likely benefit / tradeoff?
What did you build? Did it work?
What did you conclude?
Is what you've produced usable/useful

can i do a dissertation on my life as a failed experiment

final report structure
  title
  abstract
  introduction
  background
  deets
  eval/discussion
  conclusions and further work
  bibliography
  appendices


Write abstract at the end so you can summarise the project

Intro:
  Draw the reader in, start with big picture, focus in on the issues
  Avoid philosophical rambling
  Use examples to explain the problem and idea - if people can relate to the problem then they want to read it.
  Summarise contributions
  Provide pointers to later chapters

this is the point where anandha says all of this information is based on my star pupil project last year

Contributions - they drive the rest of the report - report substantiates what you've made

Use forward references from the narrative in the introduction - speak about something and mention where there is more about it in the report later on
Make contributions clear - use a bullet point list

Background
  Make it clear you're aware of important key work in the subject
  Enough detail to make the report as self-contained as possible - BUT NO MORE
  Don't cite sources that are irrelevant or that I haven't read


Details (Chunky part)
  - what i did
  - how and why (method)
  - justify decisions regarding design, tools, techniques etc <- Super important to justify
  - Emphasise key challenges that I encountered

  - For interim - outline planned work and what has been done so far, have a timeline to help plan the rest of the weeks ahead

  When writing this, start non-detailed, and easy, use intuition
  Once reader has intuition, they can then follow the details
  Litter the report with examples and diagrams for people to understand

  Graphs - make sure they're clear


Evaluation
  - must evaluate both successes and failures - bearing in mind what other people have already done / achieved
  - Make sure each of claimed contributions is backed up by evidence

  - quantitative eval - experiments and numbers
  - qualitative - making judgements, more subjective

  - Make sure i gather quantitative feedback from people i run experiments on

me to 10 people
Use it.
tell me.
gut.
okay dom sooooo the evaluation is you just run it on every coreutil and all the open source program you can find
and that's it
- cristian, 2017


Quantitative: Results should be replicable by someone repeating the experiment
  Don't hide experiment parameters
  Discuss the results and provide insight
  Present graphs and tables
  Give details on the outcomes, don't leave it to reader to figure that out


Conclusion

  Focus on insight
  What has been learnt from the project
  What are the key take-away messages
  Try to add value to what has been said before

Cite sources properly
 - Date accessed


Language and style

  Visual structure to report


  Friday 16th feb - review deadline



























